.TH ADD_MEMBERS 8 2006-08-09
.SH NAME
add_members \- Add members to a list from the command line.

.SH SYNOPSIS
add_members [\-r <file>] [\-d <file>] [\-y <y|n>] [\-w <y|n>] [\-h] listname

.SH DESCRIPTION

Add members from a file to a mailman list. Listname is the name of the
Mailman list you are adding members to.  It must already exist.

.SH OPTIONS

.TP
\fB\-r\fB \fIfile\fI, \fB\-\-\fBregular-members-file=\fB\fIfile\fI

A file containing addresses of the members to be added, one address
per line.  This list of people become non-digest members.  If file is
`-', read addresses from stdin. Note that -n/--non-digest-members-file
are deprecated synonyms for this option.

.TP
\fB\-d\fB \fIfile\fI, \fB\-\-\fBdigest-members-file=\fB\fIfile\fI

Similar to above, but these people become digest members.

.TP
\fB\-a [y|n]\fB, \fB\-\-admin-notify=[y|n]\fB

Set whether or not to send the list administrators a notification on
the success/failure of these subscriptions, overriding whatever the
list's `admin_notify_mchanges' setting is.

.TP
\fB\-w [y|n]\fB, \fB\-\-welcome-msg=[y|n]\fB

Set whether or not to send the list members a welcome message,
overriding whatever the list's `send_welcome_msg' setting is.

.TP
\fB\-h\fB, \fB--help\fB

Print a help message and exit.

.SH NOTES

You must supply at least one of -r and -d options.  At most one of the
files can be `-'.

.SH AUTHOR
Author of Mailman is the Mailman Cabal, see http://www.list.org/ for
information.  This manpage is written by Tollef Fog Heen
<tfheen@debian.org> for Debian

.SH SEE ALSO
Mailman documentation on http://www.list.org/ and in
/usr/share/doc/mailman.
