.TH CLONE_MEMBER 8 2001-03-10
.SH NAME
clone_member \- Clone a Mailman subscriber address

.SH SYNOPSIS
clone_member [options] fromoldaddr tonewaddr

.SH DESCRIPTION
Cloning a member address means that a new member will be added who has
all the same options and passwords as the original member address.
Note that this operation is fairly trusting of the user who runs it --
it does no verification to the new address, it does not send out a
welcome message, etc.

The existing member's subscription is usually not modified in any way.  If you
want to remove the old address, use the -r flag.  If you also want to change
any list admin addresses, use the -a flag.



.SH OPTIONS
    clone_member [options] fromoldaddr tonewaddr

.PP
.TP
\fB\-l\fB \fIlistname\fI, \fB\-\-listname\fB=\fIlistname\fI
Check and modify only the named mailing lists.  If -l is not given,
then all mailing lists are scanned from the address.  Multiple -l
options can be supplied.

.TP
\fB\-r\fB, \fB\-\-remove\fB
Remove the old address from the mailing list after it's been cloned.

.TP
\fB\-a\fB, \fB\-\-admin\fB
Scan the list admin addresses for the old address, and clone or change
them too.

.TP
\fB\-q\fB, \fB\-\-quiet\fB
Do the modifications quietly.

.TP
\fB\-n\fB, \fB\-\-nomodify\fB
Print what would be done, but don't actually do it.  Inhibits the
\Bf\-\-quiet\Bf flag.

.PP

fromoldaddr (`from old address') is the old address of the user.
tonewaddr (`to new address') is the new address of the user.

.SH AUTHOR
Author of Mailman is the Mailman Cabal, see http://www.list.org/ for
information.  This manpage is written by Tollef Fog Heen
<tfheen@debian.org> for Debian

.SH SEE ALSO
Mailman documentation on http://www.list.org/ and in
/usr/share/doc/mailman.
