.TH CONFIG_LIST 8 2001-03-10
.SH NAME
config_list \- Configure a Mailman list from a text file description

.SH SYNOPSIS
config_list [options] listname

.SH DESCRIPTION

This is a very powerful script which lets you view and modify a list's
configuration variables from the command line.  E.g.  you can dump out
all the list options into a plain text file (actually a valid Python
file!), complete with comments explaining each variable.  Or you can
apply the configuration from such a file to a particular list.

.SH OPTIONS

.PP
.TP
\fB\-i\fB \fIfilename\fI, \fB\-\-inputfile\fB=\fIfilename\fI
Configure the list by assigning each module-global variable in the
file to an attribute on the list object, then saving the list.  The
named file is loaded with execfile() and must be legal Python code.
Any variable that isn't already an attribute of the list object is
ignored (a warning message is printed).  See also the \-c option.

A special variable named `mlist' is put into the globals during the
execfile, which is bound to the actual MailList object.  This lets you
do all manner of bizarre thing to the list object, but BEWARE!  Using
this can severely (and possibly irreparably) damage your mailing list!

.TP
\fB\-o\fB \fIfilename\fI, \fB\-\-\fBoutputfile\fB=\fIfilename\fI
Instead of configuring the list, print out a list's configuration
variables in a format suitable for input using this script.  In this
way, you can easily capture the configuration settings for a
particular list and imprint those settings on another list.  filename
is the file to output the settings to.  If filename is `-', standard
out is used.

.TP
\fB\-c\fB, \fB\-\-checkonly\fB 
The modified list is not actually changed.  Only useful with \-i.

.TP
\fB\-v\fB, \fB\-\-verbose\fB
Print the name of each attribute as it is being changed.  Only useful
with \-i.

.TP
\fB\-h\fB, \fB\-\-help\fB
Print a small help text and exit
.PP

.SH NOTES
The options \-o and \-i are mutually exclusive.

.SH AUTHOR
Author of Mailman is the Mailman Cabal, see http://www.list.org/ for
information.  This manpage is written by Tollef Fog Heen
<tfheen@debian.org> for Debian

.SH SEE ALSO
Mailman documentation on http://www.list.org/ and in
/usr/share/doc/mailman.
