.TH FIND_MEMBER 8 2001-03-10
.SH NAME
find_member \- Find all Mailman lists that a member's address is on

.SH SYNOPSIS
find_member [options] regex [regex [...]]

.SH OPTIONS

.PP
.TP
\fB\-l\fB \fIlistname\fI, \fB\-\-\fBlistname\fB=\fIlistname\fI
Include only the named list in the search.
.TP
\fB\-x\fB \fIlistname\fI, \fB\-\-\fBexclude\fB=\fIlistname\fI
Exclude the named list from the search.
.TP
\fB\-w\fB, \fB\-\-owners\fB
Search list owners as well as members.
.TP
\fB\-o\fB \fIfile\fI, \fB\-\-\fBoutput\fB=\fIfile\fI
Append the alias setting recommendations to file, in addition to
printing them to standard output.
.TP
\fB\-h\fB, \fB\-\-help\fB
Print a small help text and exit
.TP
\fBregex\fB
A Python regular expression to match against.
.PP

.SH NOTES

The interaction between -l and -x is as follows.  If any -l option is given
then only the named list will be included in the search.  If any -x option is
given but no -l option is given, then all lists will be search except those
specifically excluded.

Regular expression syntax is Perl5-like, using the Python re module.  Complete
specifications are at:

http://www.python.org/doc/current/lib/module-re.html

Address matches are case-insensitive, but case-preserved addresses are
displayed.

.SH AUTHOR
Author of Mailman is the Mailman Cabal, see http://www.list.org/ for
information.  This manpage is written by Tollef Fog Heen
<tfheen@debian.org> for Debian

.SH SEE ALSO
Mailman documentation on http://www.list.org/ and in
/usr/share/doc/mailman.
