.TH LIST_MEMBERS 8 2004-10-17
.SH NAME
list_members \- List all the members of a Mailman list

.SH SYNOPSIS
list_members [-o file] [-r] [-d] [-p] [-h] listname

.SH OPTIONS

.PP
.TP
\fB\-o\fB \fIfile\fI, \fB\-\-\fBoutput\fB \fIfile\fI
Write output to specified file instead of standard out.

.TP
\fB\-r\fB, \fB\-\-\fBregular\fB
Print just the regular (non-digest) members.

.TP
\fB\-d\fR [\fIkind\fR], \fB\-\-digest\fR[=\fIkind\fR]
Print just the digest members.  Optional argument can be "\fImime\fR" or
"\fIplain\fR" which prints just the digest members receiving that kind of
digest.

.TP
\fB\-\-nomail\fR[=\fIwhy\fR], \fB\-n\fR [\fIwhy\fR]
Print the members that have delivery disabled.  Optional argument can
be "\fIbyadmin\fR", "\fIbyuser\fR", "\fIbybounce\fR", or "\fIunknown\fR"
which prints just the users who have delivery disabled for that reason.
It can also be "\fIenabled\fR" which prints just those member for whom
delivery is enabled.

.TP
\fB\-f\fR, \fB\-\-fullnames\fR
Include the full names in the output.

.TP
\fB\-p\fB, \fB\-\-\fBpreserve\fB
Output member addresses case preserved the way they were added to the
list.  Otherwise, addresses are printed in all lowercase.

.TP
\fB\-i\fR, \fB\-\-invalid\fR
Print only the addresses in the membership list that are invalid.
Ignores -r, -d, -n.

.TP
\fB\-u\fR, \fB\-\-unicode\fR
Print addresses which are stored as Unicode objects instead of normal
string objects.  Ignores -r, -d, -n.

.TP
\fB\-h\fB, \fB\-\-help\fB
Print a small help text and exit
.TP
.PP

listname is the name of the mailing list to use.

.SH NOTES

Note that if neither -r or -d is supplied, both regular members are printed
first, followed by digest members, but no indication is given as to address
status.

.SH AUTHOR
Author of Mailman is the Mailman Cabal, see http://www.list.org/ for
information.  This manpage is written by Tollef Fog Heen
<tfheen@debian.org> for Debian GNU/Linux.

.SH SEE ALSO
Mailman documentation on http://www.list.org/ and in
/usr/share/doc/mailman.
