.TH MMARCH 8 2006-08-09
.SH NAME
mmarch \- Rebuild a Mailman list's archive.

.SH SYNOPSIS
mmarch listname [options] <listname> [<mbox>]

.SH DESCRIPTION

Use this command to rebuild the archives for a mailing list.  You may want to
do this if you edit some messages in an archive, or remove some messages from
an archive.

\fB\-h\fB, \fB\-\-\fBhelp\fB

Print this error message and exit.

\fB\-q\fB, \fB\-\-\fBquiet\fB

Make the archiver output less verbose.

\fB\-\-\fBwipe\fB

First wipe out the original archive before regenerating.  You usually
want to specify this argument unless you're generating the archive in
chunks.

\fB\-s\fB \fIN\fI, \fB\-\-\fBstart=\fB\fIN\fI

Start indexing at article N, where article 0 is the first in the mbox.
Defaults to 0.

\fB\-e\fB \fIM\fI, \fB\-\-\fBend=\fB\fIM\fI

End indexing at article M.  This script is not very efficient with
respect to memory management, and for large archives, it may not be
possible to index the mbox entirely.  For that reason, you can specify
the start and end article numbers.


mbox is the path to a list's complete mbox archive.  Usually this will 
be some path in the archives/private directory.  For example:

% mmarch mylist archives/private/mylist.mbox/mylist.mbox

mbox is optional.  If it is missing, it is calculated.

.SH AUTHOR
Author of Mailman is the Mailman Cabal, see http://www.list.org/ for
information.  This manpage is written by Tollef Fog Heen
<tfheen@debian.org> for Debian

.SH SEE ALSO
Mailman documentation on http://www.list.org/ and in
/usr/share/doc/mailman.
